In the letter, these people do not distinguish between right and wrong, so they have to hurry you up, and mistakenly weaken you, causing them to be bullied by high demands.
If you are afraid, don’t make up for it. Like them, I know you are afraid of being bullied by Gao Qiu on weekdays, but I will help.
Peace of mind, I am willing to stand up for someone like this, bear all the consequences, and get rid of this evil person, you
Promises are nonsense, high demands will lead to great deeds, people save me, it’s the underground emperor Long Sheng, his father, and more
He is the father of Zhenlong Group. What kind of family are you comparing him to? You just want to help me join.
Get out of the house, I think you two are the best
You've seen them both go wrong
as long as we unite
Justice can never be defeated
good because evil
I received Ji Chuang who was enthusiastic about recognizing names.
Bi Zhu makes trouble
Realize Douer
Look at me and don't let me hit you